{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf230
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
{\info
{\title Liten Help Documentation}}\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Using Liten is easy. Open a path to search and a size to filter by, and it will quickly, and safely identify duplicate files by comparing possible matches against a sha 256 hash. You can then right click on matches and explore them in the finder, do additional searches in spotlight, or send a duplicate to the trash. You may want to sort by the byte size column, to see the largest files to delete.\
A new feature is the support for doing multiple deletion. This works by selecting multiple files, and then control or right clicking "move to trash". A confirmation dialog will ask you if you are sure you want to move these to the trash. It is highly recommended that you verify the contents of your trash before you empty it after a multiple delete.\
While Liten does perform the safest possible comparison algorithm, you should be extremely cautious when actually deleting files. One item in particular to watch out for is deleting important system files, or application files. Only delete an item when you are very sure of why it is a duplicate.\
Every effort has been made to create quality software. If you find any bugs, or would like to request features, do not hesitate to contact us:\
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720
\cf0 The gang at Zebulant\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 support-liten@zebulant.com\
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\f1 \cf0 
\f0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240
\cf0 \
}